#labels Featured
====What is GWT Express?====
  GWT Express is a simple framework that can be used to build database oriented application with very little UI coding
====What persistence technologies are used on the server side?====
  Simple JDBC
====What tool-kits are used on the client side?====
  * MyGWT - Layout, Tabs, Table etc
  * Vanilla GWT Widgets  - TextBox, Button, ListBox, SuggestBox etc.
====Where can I find the demo?====
  http://GWTExpress.com
====What is the username/password for the demo application?====
  demo/demo
====What database does the demo application uses?====
  MySQL
====What application server the demo is running on?====
  Apache Tomcat/5.5.25
====What are the benefits of using GWTExpress framework instead of GWT?====
  Well, GWTExpress is built using GWT & MyGWT (For layouts & tables). So most of the code you would write for developing a database oriented application is already built into the framework. You just add additional business validation logic on top of it. Some of the major benefits are listed below
  # No need to write JDBC code for handling Create/Update/Fetch/Delete.
  # No need to write code for handling login security
  # The framework provides built-in function based security to restrict certain operations based on roles.
  # Populating ListBox & SugguestBox are taken care by the framework based on a lookup table. For non-lookup based, we just have to write custom SQL on the server side. Refer "How to populate ListBox? or SuggestBox? from a custom table instead of lookup table?" section in HowTo.
  # The framework provides built-in search capability in two modes "Simple" & "Advanced".
  # Centralized code for basic validation of numbers, dates & date times are built-in.
  # Generic code for rendering your application page. [http://code.google.com/p/gwtexpress/source/browse/trunk/Client/src/com/gwtexpress/client/ui/ex/ExpressPage.java ExpressPage.java]. Can easily add new features to this one class, and will get reflected to the entire application.
  # Generic code for rendering Data entry Forms [http://code.google.com/p/gwtexpress/source/browse/trunk/Client/src/com/gwtexpress/client/ui/form/InputFormLayout.java InputFormLayout.java]
  # Minimal code (small .js files)
  # FieldHandler for custom client-side validation. Refer "How to perform custom field validation?" section in HowTo.
====Can I use this framework to build my application?====
  Yes.
====Hey! I like this idea. Can I contribute?====
  Yes. Please send an email to gwtexpress@gmail.com